Update setup.md (#215)
testing-library/testing-library-docs: docs/react-testing-library/setup.md

```
cross-env RTL_SKIP_AUTO_CLEANUP=true jest
```

To make this even easier, you can also simply import
`@testing-library/react/dont-cleanup-after-each` which will do the same thing.
Just make sure you do this before importing `@testing-library/react`. You could
do this with Jest's `setupFiles` configuration:

```js
{
  // ... other jest config
  setupFiles: ['@testing-library/react/dont-cleanup-after-each']
}
```

Or with mocha's `-r` flag:

```
mocha -r @testing-library/react/dont-cleanup-after-each
```

Alternatively, you could import `@testing-library/react/pure` in all your

> tests that you don't want the cleanup to be setup and the `afterEach` wont

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tests that you don't want the `cleanup` to run and the `afterEach` won't
```
